Chapter I

It was a rainy autumn day. I was standing on a bench in the middle of the park, with no umbrella, trying to light up a wet ciggarette. Considering that my hands were shaking from cold and the lighter got wet when I took it out from my pocket, my chances of succes were equal to zero. Yet, I still tried, not moving an inch from that bench. 
'Come on, work!', I said to the lighter. Suddenly, like an obidient dog, the lighter worked. I froze, watching the flame playing in the rain. It was truly beautiful. As fast as I could, I put the ciggarette in my mouth, ready to light it like an olympic torch and covered the flame with my hands, protecting it from the wind. 
Right on the verge of managing it, the wind blew a little harder, and my beautiful flame was lost. 
I deflated like a Mickey Mouse baloon in the hands of a child whose favourite show was cancelled, standing in front the tv and squeezing his cartoon-character friend. Well, since it worked the first time, I ought to give it another go, I thought, while trying to make the lighter work again. 
'Will you do it again?', I whispered to the lighter, keeping it close to my mouth. 'For me?' 
I pressed the button but nothing happened. The lighter decided to die on me and the button was broken because of all my attempts to suck on a little illness. 
'Eh, I should quit smoking anyway', I said to myself, biting my ciggarette's filter while looking at my soaked shoes. I decided to leave, since I got there in the first place to puff a little smoke. But before getting up, I looked around. 
I had no idea why I had chosen to spend my time in that park, because it was really demoralizing, and I was in no the mood for it. Trees that a month ago were green now were almost empty, with just a few leaves holding for dear life to their branches. They had no idea that somebody was going to step on them some time soon. Even the grass around the park was yellow, like suffering from a terrible disease. Most of the nature was dying, and, strangely, nature kept embracing it, because was a natural thing for it. Year after year. Terrible season, autumn. 
Plus, there were no dogs, no kids, no yells and no laughs in that park. People around me were in a hurry to get on with their bussiness with no moment to stop and talk. All because of this water falling from the sky, making them soaking wet and cold as heaven. I couldn't stand the rain, and yet I stood there, in the middle of it, like I had no worry in the world. Well, I had. That worry led me here, in the first place.
I was on my way to check my entrance exam results for the university, and I decided to take a break in the park while I was gathering my courage for it. I had no idea if I was going to get in. I didn't study for it at all, because I trusted my instincts, and my instincts told me I was going to be fine just by doing nothing about it. I had other dreams, and passing a simple entrance exam on which, presumably, depended my entire future, was not one of them. I dreamed of becoming a writer, a big, succesfull one; I wanted to write a book, and then, for all my life, benefit from it, while I needed to do nothing to sustain myself. It was a nice dream, but I couldn't say I worked alot for it to come true. I was way too lazy to get serious about something. I couldn't even remember how many books I started writing, dreaming for the first two paragraphs that they will become best-sellers. That's all I used to do; two paragraphs, and then forget about them. Reality struck me like a curious lighting: there's no easy way to write, and I wasn't the best writer, so that words would just pour from my pen on the paper, turning out to be the best thing ever written. It never did, and this method of achieving my dream was just a loop from which I couldn't escape. 
That's why I chose to apply for a journalism course, and not literature or something else more demanding. I always took the safe, easy path towards my goals. Yet, I was standing in the rain, shivering, feeling my heart beating with all its might, squeezed in my rib cage. It was for the first time in years when I felt really afraid because I could have failed, and there was no other option for me at the end of the tunnel. I didn't apply to any other university, too much struggle for my taste. All summer I kept telling my parents not to worry, because, surely, everyday I was studying hard when, in reality, I was hardly studying. Yet, right then, in the last minute of my  race towards certain professional failure, I couldn't blame myself. I didn't have the guts for it, altough I knew the truth. I just decided to not believe it. 
'The time has come, man, it's time to go', I kept telling myself, trying to work up the courage to get up and live the outcome of this scary experience. It didn't work. Just when I was starting to believe that my ass was stuck to that bench, a strange girl quickly passed by me, and, somehow, a lighter ended up in my lap. I managed to take a quick look at her and yell 'thanks alot' before she got away, considering that she was almost running with a notebook over her head, guarding from the rain. She was pretty odd, but I didn't exactly knew why I thought that. Maybe because of the way she was dressed: she was wearing baggy jeans, a small black leather jacket and some big, dirty army boots. Not girlish at all. She was the type of person you would see, I thought, and instantly forget everything about her the moment she was out of your sight. And then I realized I couldn't remember her face at all, altough I saw her about twenty seconds ago. Still, I was pretty sure she was not wearing any make-up or earings, only a big pair of nerdy glasses. But I didn't care. She was Supergirl to me, coming to my rescue out of nowhere, just when I needed her the most. 
I took the lighter from my lap and looked at it. It wasn't a fancy lighter or anything like that; simple, blue colored, yet it seemed to be pretty solid, in comparisson to my cheap, broken one. I put it in my pocket to guard it from the rain and got up, almost smiling. Maybe it was a good sign for my future which was running towards me at a fast pace. 

*






 



