The wait
========
'Tick, tock , tick, tock ' went the little round clock on the wall. 
'Tick, tock, tick ,tock 'as it went some more.....
Swollen eyes , messy hair , elbows on the table supporting my head. I'm sitting here, barely awake, waiting for time to pass. I can't sleep. More honestly don't want too. Or I may just miss it.

'Tick, tock , tick, tock' and as I look up again, I see only one minute pass. 
"Oh so slow.... such a long wait... "
Resting my head on the table, I check my wrist watch in disbelief. But it shows the same time, as the one on the wall. Quarter past twelve and 4 hours to go.
"Sorry for not believing you clock on the wall. You'd never lie to me, you never did and never will.". How could you. You're just a clock.

The room is quiet, if you ignore the clock. Spiders are busy building their webs on my cracked and scruffy wall. A dusty blackboard is sitting on the wall, with months of my research on it. 

I look to my left, test sample is motionless. Just sitting there inactive, and irritating.  "Aha maybe just to the naked eye", i say to myself; "4 more hours I will see the truth". And all the torment, this terrible old room that i have to work in, "it will all be worth it" i whisper again

"For i shall be immortal!", and I smile.

Remember
========

What is more amazing then the solution and it's more artistic representation on a blackboard? 
It is the journey.

And how amazing my journey was! With it's colossal obstacles, desolate planes of ignorance and regions arid of human compassion. Yes , my journey was one of the mind, but still a significant journey nonetheless.

Staring at the clock... 'Tick, tock , Tick tock' one minute to go and then we can start. 
In large bright room, rows of small desks stretching on all sides and a blank set of pages in front of me. The room is packed with people, not one single desk is missing a person. And you can feel the anxiety in the air. 

We're at braking point, a fork in the road. For most of us , including myself, the future will be determined now. 

"Bzzz!!!", sets the  start.
I quickly turn over the blank sheets of paper in front of me and read the think bold title .
Just now, do I feel the cold sweat and the node in my throat. Just how scared can someone become, from reading 2 black words on a piece of paper?
'Examination Paper' 










